README.md, before:

# :european_castle:Evercrescent:european_castle:



## Description

An in-depth paragraph about your project and overview of use.

## :japanese_ogre: Boss Fight :japanese_ogre:

### Attacks

The boss can use a variety of attacks against the player at random. With 8 different attacks in the bosses arsenal, it is able to catch the player off guard if they are not focused.

![Attack 1](.ReadMeImages/Attack1.gif)

In the first attack, the boss summons a portal that charges up for 4 seconds, before shooting 10 spikes around it. These spikes can be parried or dodged, however if they hit the wall, they turn into flying eyeballs that home onto the player. These eyeballs are far harder to dodge than the spikes, making well timed parries a necessity.

![Attack2](.ReadMeImages/Attack2.gif)

When using its second attack, the boss creates an image of itself ontop of the player, known as a doppelganger. The boss will teleport to the doppelgangers location a second after it appears and shoot 3 bursts of 3 spikes at the player. While doing this, it will summon another doppelganger to the left or right of the player and repeat until the attack ends. Parrying can be used against this attack, however it cant be relied on due to its cooldown.Therefor, dodging is required to survive this attack. 

### Installing

* How/where to download your program
* Any modifications needed to be made to files/folders

### Executing program

* How to run the program
* Step-by-step bullets
```
code blocks for commands
```

## Help

Any advise for common problems or issues.
```
command to run if program contains helper info
```

## Authors

Contributors names and contact info

ex. Mr Jones
ex. [@benpaddlejones](https://github.com/benpaddlejones)

## Version History

* 0.2
    * Various bug fixes and optimizations
    * See [commit change]() or See [release history]() or see [branch]()
* 0.1
    * Initial Release

## License

This project is licensed under the [NAME HERE] License - see the LICENSE.md file for details

## Acknowledgments

Inspiration, code snippets, etc.
* [Github md syntax](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax)
* [TempeHS Unity template](https://github.com/TempeHS/TempeHS_Unity_DevContainer)

Commit message:

Read Me
Added descriptions for the boss's third and fourth attacks with images.

README.md, after:

# :european_castle:Evercrescent:european_castle:



## Description

An in-depth paragraph about your project and overview of use.

## :japanese_ogre: Boss Fight :japanese_ogre:

### Attacks

The boss can use a variety of attacks against the player at random. With 8 different attacks in the bosses arsenal, it is able to catch the player off guard if they are not focused.

![Attack 1](.ReadMeImages/Attack1.gif)

In the first attack, the boss summons a portal that charges up for 4 seconds, before shooting 10 spikes around it. These spikes can be parried or dodged, however if they hit the wall, they turn into flying eyeballs that home onto the player. These eyeballs are far harder to dodge than the spikes, making well timed parries a necessity.

![Attack2](.ReadMeImages/Attack2.gif)

When using its second attack, the boss creates an image of itself ontop of the player, known as a doppelganger. The boss will teleport to the doppelgangers location a second after it appears and shoot 3 bursts of 3 spikes at the player. While doing this, it will summon another doppelganger to the left or right of the player and repeat until the attack ends. Parrying can be used against this attack, however it cant be relied on due to its cooldown.Therefor, dodging is required to survive this attack. 

![Attack3](.ReadMeImages/Attack3.gif)

The bosses third attack also utilises the doppelganger. The boss summons the doppelganger ontop of the boss, and after 1 second, the boss teleports to the doppelgangers location and shoots continous bursts of spikes towards the player. Parrying and dodging is required to survive this attack.

![Attack4](.ReadMeImages/Attack4.gif)

### Installing

* How/where to download your program
* Any modifications needed to be made to files/folders

### Executing program

* How to run the program
* Step-by-step bullets
```
code blocks for commands
```

## Help

Any advise for common problems or issues.
```
command to run if program contains helper info
```

## Authors

Contributors names and contact info

ex. Mr Jones
ex. [@benpaddlejones](https://github.com/benpaddlejones)

## Version History

* 0.2
    * Various bug fixes and optimizations
    * See [commit change]() or See [release history]() or see [branch]()
* 0.1
    * Initial Release

## License

This project is licensed under the [NAME HERE] License - see the LICENSE.md file for details

## Acknowledgments

Inspiration, code snippets, etc.
* [Github md syntax](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax)
* [TempeHS Unity template](https://github.com/TempeHS/TempeHS_Unity_DevContainer)
